hi and welcome back to the organizing
tip of the day today I'm going to show
you my most favoritest device in the
whole wide world the one that I would
not and could not live without I'm not
like suggesting that you go and buy one
I'm not like plug in it or whatever I'm
just seriously showing you my ipod and
my new iphone but I you don't need an
iphone because I kind of think it's a
ripoff honestly it's like the cheapest
plan you can get around here is like 60
bucks a month and I would be over that
in my dated in like a day but my husband
pays for it through his business so I
don't really care but if I had to pay
for it out of my pocket I totally
wouldn't get it but that's not the point
the point is I'm totally an unorganized
person naturally if you saw my van or my
purse or like were my mom and I forgot
your birthday which I do all the time so
sorry mom you know that I was really
naturally a disorganized mess but I am
practicing till I get perfect right with
my house and practicing organizing it
all the time to trust me it's a lot of
work and in my life I have this
wonderful device the i pod oh okay so
we're gonna show you some of my favorite
apps okay um ops is like an application
thing okay so look at this my lists so
on here is my grocery list and alls I
have to do is add an item search it in
let's say milk oh there's milk added to
the list and there you go and it
actually sorts it also by category so
when you're in the grocery store you can
have it sorted by category buh buh and
then you can just walk down each aisle
and see exactly what you need then when
you've gotten it you cross it off with
your thumb oh my god it's awesome I'll
never use paper again because first of
all I always forget my paperless but I
never forget my iphone also because I
have kids i love it because I have a
bunch of movies on it like I've um I did
that ipod converter I'm not going to buy
them from itunes because I'm cheap and
then I just stuck them on the ipod so
and i also have
games for my kids so when they're like
crazy cranky or rat like a doctor's
office or somewhere really boring I can
just whip this sucker up and they could
watch a movie for 20 minutes it's great
i also have a bunch of podcasts that you
listen to right audiobooks different
things that i can listen to while
walking oh my god speaking of walking
look at the sickness I have a walk o
meter okay so it gps's you as you walk
it it tells you how far you've walked to
the distance and then you can take a
look at all your different routes and
your map which usually a zoomed-in but
whatever i also have a loser that
because let's face it i'm a fat ass so
it tracks your food and like you have a
log okay so i'll show you my love from
yesterday do drew you just like search
and it has fast food stuff too and all
the stuff you've eaten and then it tells
you your calories then you enter your
exercise and it tells you how many
calories you have left and you should
eat that day oh my god so much easier
than writing it down I don't know it's
just the possibilities i'm a sucker at
endless plus i have alerts that let me
know when to take my pills because I was
on the antibiotics not because I'm like
a crazy person who's on pills not that
it's bad to be on pills if you're crazy
no offense to anyone who's crazy and on
crazy pills um yeah so it alerts me for
that in anniversary for like a whole
bunch of stuff and honestly how do
people live without it not to mention i
watch youtube on it constantly like a
crazy youtube crackhead and i took my
email compulsively and facebook and how
do people live without carrying around a
computer in their pocket now if you are
gonna get it your ipod does all those
same things you it's like 180 bucks and
the new ones come at the camera you
don't need to pay for an iphone if
you're home all day like me and you just
have to make sure you have Wi-Fi or else
you're gonna pay out the but if you have
an iphone you have data so you need
Wi-Fi it's like 50 bucks for a wireless
writer and then you carry around your
pocket computer in your pocket all the
time and then you can be an addict crazy
person like me but it has helped
organize me and my thoughts cuz I'm like
oh I should do something good I just put
it in my notes and like send an alert or
email myself yeah it's helping that's
tip today we'll see you next time